court death
It depends on whether you have the ability.
Hit it well
Talk to your ancestors like this
Come on, buckle it up and wait
That's it.
All right.
I'm afraid to kneel down and call me now
Three hundred little heads are crawling under my crotch.
go down
Don't use your peerless
I will be afraid that you will laugh
I just don't get it.
Aren't you a law enforcement officer for the receipt?
How can you arrest people indiscriminately?
Hahahahahahaha
domineering boy
Do you really not understand?
Whose fist is bigger than this society?
Who has more power?
Who represents the counterattack
If you offend Lord Dong Zhu now, you should die
I see.
Thank you stranger
You're welcome, but
You know, it's too late. Let go
You are human or ghost
Now, whose fist is bigger?